squash http_client_config for prometheus.scrape (#3008)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/prometheus.scrape.md

`label_limit`              | `uint`     | More than this many labels post metric-relabeling causes the scrape to fail. | | no
`label_name_length_limit`  | `uint`     | More than this label name length post metric-relabeling causes the scrape to fail. | | no
`label_value_length_limit` | `uint`     | More than this label value length post metric-relabeling causes the scrape to fail. | | no

> {{< docs/shared lookup="flow/reference/components/http-client-config-block.md" source="agent" >}}

Reviewer: This included  block is messing up how the preceding table is rendering.  Just the names are showing and not columns 2 - 4. I think you need a blank line and also the "authorization block" header as in: https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/prometheus.remote_write/#authorization-block

Author: I tried a new line, but I can't personally see if the table will render with the additional rows as intended. In this case the http_client_config is no longer a block section/table on its own but is now additional rows of the Arguments table.

Reviewer: You run `make docs` to see how it will render.  It looks like the included file has a header row so that would prevent it from rendering the way you want.

Author: Excellent, thank you for the pointer on running locally. This should be all set for now. We are looking into a future way to put the table data in a shared file.

`label_limit`              | `uint`     | More than this many labels post metric-relabeling causes the scrape to fail. | | no
`label_name_length_limit`  | `uint`     | More than this label name length post metric-relabeling causes the scrape to fail. | | no
`label_value_length_limit` | `uint`     | More than this label value length post metric-relabeling causes the scrape to fail. | | no

> `bearer_token`             | `secret`   | Bearer token to authenticate with. | | no

Author: copy pasting this part of the table for http_client_config on every doc that is is squashed seems like a maintenance headache. Any thoughts on an alternative?

Reviewer 2: What about a new shared doc which holds the common rows in the table when the HTTP client config is squashed?

`bearer_token_file`        | `string`   | File containing a bearer token to authenticate with. | | no
`proxy_url`                | `string`   | HTTP proxy to proxy requests through. | | no
`follow_redirects`         | `bool`     | Whether redirects returned by the server should be followed. | `true` | no
`enable_http2`             | `bool`     | Whether HTTP2 is supported for requests. | `true` | no

> Only 1 of the following arguments or blocks can be provided

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At most one of the following can be provided:
```

- `bearer_token`
- `bearer_token_file`
- `basic_auth`
- `authorization`

> - `oauth2`

Reviewer 2: This feels like maybe the wrong place to put this. Should this be documented in the blocks section instead?

> - `bearer_token`
> - `bearer_token_file`
> - `basic_auth`
> - `authorization`
> - `oauth2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`bearer_token` argument](#Arguments).
- [`bearer_token_file` argument](#Arguments). 
- [`basic_auth` block][basic_auth].
- [`authorization` block][authorization].
- [`oauth2` block][oauth2].
```
